No, I think if I could give one piece of
advice to my younger self, it would be
one of the cornerstones that I teach in
maker school and make money with make,
which is um
uh outputs lag relative to inputs. So if
you provide a lot of inputs, you will
not see the result of those inputs for a
little while. And so if you have a very
tight feedback loop like I do, and I
like to see results with the things that
I do very quickly, if you spend a week
doing something, you don't see those
results. It's not because the week that
you spent doing the thing has not
yielded any results. It's because life
just has some little built-in lag.
You're not going to see those results
for like a month. So, if you really
wanted to be smart about it, you would,
you know, you would you would get some
assumption that what you are doing is
the right thing. Okay? you would you
would you would you would believe it
really deeply because you've thought a
lot about it and you build some logic
out and you say if I I don't know if I
submit 10 Loom videos every single day
to creators that I admire then I message
them over Instagram, LinkedIn X,
whatever mathematically I should get a
result. If you can if you can ground
some assumption and then if you can just
do it for a very long period of time
eventually those inputs will catch up to
those outputs and then you will start
seeing the results. Um, when I started
my my my like brand journey, it was
actually quite a while ago. It was
almost five or six years ago. I started
blogging every single day. So, I wrote a
blog every day for 30 days. It was part
of a big blog challenge between me and a
few of my friends. Uh, one of my friends
making YouTube videos, another one of my
friends is doing blogs like me. Another
one was doing something else. And I did
like 30 blogs. Um, and I like broke my
back over it. It was like hour and a
half, two hours a day of me writing and
researching and spending a lot of time
and taking away from a lot of other
things I could have been doing. to be
honest, probably should not have started
that to begin with. Anyway, at the end
of the 30 days, I had like five views or
something. It was it was pathetic. It
was so silly. I like nobody had looked
at any one of my blog posts. So, what
did I do at the end of the 30 days? I
said, "Well, I'm not seeing any results.
And because I'm an intelligent person,
you know, I have a tight feedback loop.
I'm always about iterating, right? So, I
didn't see any results for this. So, I
should iterate and I should do something
different." Well, the fundamental
problem that I had there, the mistaken
um error was that I didn't realize to
what degree outputs lag over inputs
because a year or so later, I looked
back on the blogs that I had written a
year before and dozen of them were
ranking on the first page of Google for
their search term. I was getting
hundreds of hits to my website, hundreds
of opportunities to sell products
related to those blogs. Imagine if I had
just continued doing that one blog post
a day. by the end of the year, I
probably would have been one of the more
prolific bloggers on the internet, like
legitimately, because all this stuff is
so exponential. Same thing with my
YouTube channel. So, I I took that
lesson that I learned about inputs
lagging over outputs, and then I just
said, "Okay, screw it. I'm just going to
continue making YouTube videos every day
for a month, and I'll worry about where
I land later." So, I I did it for a full
30 days. I learned
um that the market rewards you, but it
rewards you later. So I I took that
knowledge with me from my failure in
blogging and then I made the YouTube and
then now that I've actually stuck with
it and now that I'm consistent with it
now I'm you know one of the bigger
creators in my space um and certainly I
think probably the most respected. So
yeah, I guess just um you know outputs
lag over inputs. If you believe deeply
that what you are doing is the right
thing, then don't worry too much about
that feedback at least in the first
month or so. Give yourself a little bit
of grace and a little bit of space to
take more time to do those things and
achieve those results. And I think if
you just like I don't know multiply the
amount of time you think it'll take to
see something by two or three or
something like that's probably a good
heristic. Um you're probably a lot more
likely to actually succeed
realistically.
